oh wow that really is beautiful Suzy's a
little expensive but you know Roger just
part of you for most of these well
ladies I have some news as well I bought
a gun
what on earth would possess you by God
well I was dropping Kristen off the mall
last week and I popped into Eastern
Mountain Sports made a return for Ted
and there was this beauty just staring
straight away but after I left I
couldn't stop thinking about having my
hands wrapped around the handle a ball
so I I was halfway home when I banned
eue backs another person please pass it
around just be careful because it's
fully loaded to the same grocery
shopping is just way more exciting when
there's a fully loaded gun with the
safety of the Bloodless you're feeling
something I need that back you want to
told me yesterday that I was gonna wake
up go to curves and handle people
oh good real good
it only gets better this is gonna sound
a little carpool for our Michael soccer
game I got tired of watching them run up
and down the field so I got back to my
car I emptied out all the bullets but
one I put that back beautiness to my
temple
I want to do it but I want you to add a
second boy I'm impressed
I don't
just kind of hoping that you oh I
completely get that like Susan's take
your son for example and I would never
do this different but I wouldn't stop
picturing pointing this head between the
eyes and watching these brains flat
against the wall what I completely
understand in fact I'm going to make my
six-year-old daughter point that that my
husband always fucking me tonight
everyone quiet
John guys aren't worried about your
family families Sam we don't even have a
gun I'll Drive well we all take turns
for the gunner